Adrian Casis III
Benefits Mint Roadmap

#Welcome to Masta Koda Exclusive Mansion
Join us Masta Kodas, Master Friends as we take a journey and discover all the possibilities of the metaverse. A community of people from around the world, brought together by a shared story of global chaos and a shared mission to stand for what’s right. We have the drive to thrive in NFTs, ART, Gaming and the Metaverse.
Join the Tribe on Discord

# The Metaverse is a whole new landscape that Masta Koda will master with you as we try new possibilities and add new experiences to it.
The Masta Koda Street Club is a collection of limited, unique, generated NFTs hosted on the Ethereum blockchain. Every Masta Koda is unique and no two are alike. Just like you are unique and have different character traits, clothes, accessories and goodies.
Mint Now

#Masta Koda Benefits
#Be part of the Thriving Artistic NFT community
As you join Masta Koda - by purchasing an NFT or just joining our Discord - you’re instantly part of our Club. A global community that has the drive to thrive in NFTs, ART, Gaming and the Metaverse. We’re focused on growing with each season and form real relationships as we dive into the Metaverse.

#PawsPerks
Being a Masta Koda NFT holder, you automatically gain access to our exclusive Paws program which rewards you for participating in the community. Our program will continuously evolve as we grow with our community.

#Enjoy the Metaverse with us
We at The Masta Koda Street Club are committed to learning and growing in the metaverse. By joining, you will have access to every metaverse we enter. For Masta Koda Holders there will be perks as we grow our Metaverse Land footprint.

#Be part of the project
Masta Koda lets you be part of development and success of the project through AMAs with the development team and founders through discord and other platforms.

#Grow your Network
When you join The Masta Koda Street Club you also join a Global Community of like minded individuals from different walks of life. Our community is full of individuals who love to connect and welcome newcomers in our Discord!

#Get Airdrops
Being a Masta Koda NFT holder, you'll be eligible for coming airdrops of tokens, merchs and other perks.

This is just the beginning… Join us and become a Masta Koda!